c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\ss3project.exe.config
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcp120.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcr120.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_world310.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg310.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcp120.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcr120.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_world310.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg310_64.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\ss3project.exe
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\ss3project.pdb
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.mydlg.resources
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.prototype.resources
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.exe
c:\users\choi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ss3project\ss3project\obj\Debug\ss3project.pdb
